
Empowering. 
Digital Journey
Unleash Automation with Botcat Automations Showcase Excellence with Botcat Profiles.
Effortlessly Automate Tests Across Diverse Tools and Applications.
Automate Test 
Showcase Excellence with Botcat Profiles.
Experience the Future of Digital Solutions at the Crossroads of Botcat's Versatility.

BotCat is your gateway to cutting-edge solutions that redefine the way you approach automation and professional portfolio presentation. Our mission is to empower IT professionals like you with innovative tools that streamline processes, enhance productivity, and elevate your digital presence.
BotCat Automation.
Simplify Testing.
Amplify Efficiency.
BotCat Automation is your ultimate testing automation companion. Our powerful tool is designed to seamlessly integrate with a diverse range of testing tools and frameworks, making test automation a breeze for QA engineers and developers alike. With an intuitive user interface and comprehensive reporting, BotCat Automation ensures efficient test management and accurate results, enabling you to deliver high-quality software with confidence.
BotCat Profiles.
Showcase Excellence
Leave a Lasting Impression
BotCat Profiles is the platform where your professional journey comes to life. Craft visually captivating portfolios that showcase your skills, projects, and achievements with elegance and sophistication. Whether you're a seasoned IT professional or an aspiring talent, BotCat Profiles empowers you to create an impactful online presence that resonates with potential employers, collaborators, and clients. Unleash the power of effective storytelling and let your achievements shine in the digital world.
At BotCat, innovation is at the core of everything we do. We're driven by a team of dedicated developers and designers who are passionate about simplifying complexity and enhancing user experiences. Our products reflect a commitment to excellence, efficiency, and effectiveness, aiming to transform your automation processes and digital representation.
Join us on this exciting journey as we embark on a mission to revolutionize automation and redefine professionalism. Discover the future of automation and portfolio presentation with BotCat today!

Contact Us
We're here to assist you on your journey with BotCat. Whether you have questions, feedback, or need support, feel free to reach out to us. Our dedicated team is ready to provide the help you need.
Feel free to reach out to us. We value your input and are excited to support you on your journey with BotCat. Let's achieve automation excellence and elevate your professional presence together!</p>

Empowering.          Unleash Automation with Botcat Automations Showcase Excellence with Botcat Profiles.
Effortlessly Automate Tests Across Diverse Tools and Applications
Showcase Excellence with Botcat Profiles
Experience the Future of Digital Solutions at the Crossroads of Botcat's Versatility.

"build": "cross-env INIT_CWD=$PWD next build && cross-env NODE_OPTIONS='--experimental-json-modules' node ./scripts/postbuild.mjs",

